docs(readme): add Auditzy and Lighthouse Metrics to services list (#13976)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse: readme.md

* **[SpeedVitals](https://speedvitals.com)** - SpeedVitals is a Lighthouse powered tool to measure web performance across multiple devices and locations. It has various features like Layout Shift Visualization, Waterfall Chart, Field Data and Resource Graphs. SpeedVitals offers both free and paid plans.

> * **[Auditzy](https://auditzy.com)** - Auditzy™ is a robust website auditing & monitoring tool which lets you analyze your web page(s) pre-user journey. Analyze the Competitor Health Metric, Core-Web Vital, and Technology. Compare your web pages with your competitors to understand where you are leading or lagging. Real-time notification with Slack. Have Seamless Collaboration with Multiple Teams. Automate your Audits hourly, daily, weekly, and so on. Try now, It's free for everyone!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Auditzy](https://auditzy.com)** - Auditzy™ is a robust website auditing & monitoring tool which lets you analyze your web page(s) pre-user journey. Analyze the Competitor Health Metric, Core Web Vitals, and Technology. Compare your web pages with your competitors to understand where you are leading or lagging. Real-time notification with Slack. Have Seamless Collaboration with Multiple Teams. Automate your Audits hourly, daily, weekly, and so on. It has a free trial with pay as you go plans.
```
